****
To begin with, I strongly encourage readers to read Rosenbaum, Paul R.; Rubin, Donald B. (1983). "The Central Role of the Propensity Score in Observational Studies for Causal Effects". Biometrika 70 (1): 41–55. doi:10.1093/biomet/70.1.41 and LaLonde, Robert J. (1986). "Evaluating the Econometric Evaluations of Training Programs with Experimental Data". American Economic Review 76 (4): 604–620. JSTOR 1806062. These materials are very important for readers to recognize the pros and cons of matching, particularly LaLonde(1986) shows that matching could be biased under some circumstances. You can play with Lolande dataset in R after installing the package "MatchIt". Check http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/MatchIt/MatchIt.pdf.
****

This is a replication and also an extension of Gibson, James L. 2004. “Does Truth Lead to Reconciliation? Testing the 
Causal Assumptionsof the South African Truth and Reconciliation Process.” American Journal of Political Science 48(2)
:201-217.

These data come from a 2000-2001 survey in South Africa that Gibson used to study inter-racial attitudes ten years after the release of Nelson Mandela and seven years after the elections of 1994 that marked the formal end of the apartheid era.

For the sake of convenience for readers, I've recoded RUSTAND RFRIEND2 RCRIME RTRUST RSELF RUNCOMP RBELIEV RNONE RPARTY (read the codebook to learn what these variables mean) to construct a reconciliation index and TRUTH6 TRUTH1 TRUTH4 ATROC2 ATROC3 to construct a truth acceptance index. These two indices reveal respondents' willingness to reconcile and accept the historical truth about apartheid. The treatment variable of interest is TRCKNOW (exposure to the Truth and Reconciliation commission). 

The empirical strategy of this paper is to regress the reconciliation index and the truth acceptance index on TRCKNOW to identify the effect of TRCKNOW on the reconciliation index and truth acceptance index. The problem with the identification strategy Gibson employed is that units in the treatment group and control group do not share a common support with respect to several pre-treatment covariates, thus matching is needed in assisting (note here: matching never identifies ATE!) to more accurately measure the local average treatment effect (LATE). The matching method that I use is the CEM matching through the operation of MatchiIt commend (http://gking.harvard.edu/cem). The selection pool of covariates is the list of variables in Table 2 of Gibson(2004). I select variables like age, race, profit from the old system, gender and language as the covariates I want to match. For readers the selection should be subject to your own careful consideration of which covariate could be regarded as having pre-treatment effect on the potential outcome. I also present test mechanisms (t-test and Kolmogorov-Smirnov test) to check whether the matching method acutally improves the balance of covariates for treatment and control groups. 

Keep in mind that CEM matching is just one of the matching methods that researchers could make use of to do matching. There are several other matching algorithms able to carry out efficient matching, such as Propensity Score Matching, Genetic Matching, Entropy Balance Matching, Mahalanobis Distance Matching. Check them out if you are interested in matching methods and see the difference between these methods in their matching results. 
